>> Kyle Simpson: So wrapping up our
whole discussion on types in coercion,
we're wrapping up this unit.
Let me make some final observations.
Number one, it is true, it is a fact that
JavaScript has a dynamic type system,
it is a type system, it just is dynamic.
I've really bristle when people
say JavaScript has no types,
it definitely does, it's a type system,
it's just not Java's type system.
It uses various forms of coercion but
they're for
value type conversions
rather than variable typing.
And we also have equality
comparisons that can be coerced.
The prevailing response to JavaScript's
type system is essentially avoid as
much of the system as possible and
only use the triple to protect yourself so
that you don't have to worry about them.
As I've said several times now, I don't
think that that is an effective strategy.
Part of the problem with avoidance of
anything but especially an entire unit
of of the language like that, is that it
tends to systematically perpetuate bugs.
That is to say it's not that one bug
will happen or one bug won't happen but
the mindset that says,
I don't even need to understand this whole
part of the language, perpetuates bugs,
that's a systematic approach,
and I would never recommend a systematic
avoidance of any particular thing,
that is avoidance of
even understanding it.
>> Kyle Simpson: What this boils down to
is that I just believe that you can not
write quality JavaScript programs
without understanding your types.
You can write JavaScript programs that
shift and run but they don't meet that bar
of what I think we should be striving for
in quality unless you understand those
types and unless the readers of your
code can understand those types.
So we have to do something.
We've got to change the way
we structure our code.
We've got to use these mechanisms
that are available to us to
start signaling those typing things.
And of course, you could go
all the way to using a whole static type
system, like a typescript or a flow.
And if that's your answer,
I'm not gonna beat you up, right?
Like that's okay, and
that makes sense for a lot of teams.
But I do think that
there's a way to embrace
that because I really think that's almost
an avoidance of the issue as well.
It's a different kind of avoidance.
You're basically saying
JavaScript system is hopeless,
so let's build a whole new system.
That's a different kind of avoidance,
and I'm not sure that it's healthy.
So, [COUGH], I don't think JavaScript's
types are inferior, I think
they can be learned and leveraged, and I
don't think it's that much more difficult.
In fact, I think it's less difficult for
you to learn this system
taught properly than to go learn all
the complexities of a static type system.
I mean like thinking about
all the sophistication and
typescript, I would consider
that to be a very daunting task.
And I think what I'm trying to
discuss here is a much simpler and
smaller thing to learn.
So my claim is that really the better
approach is to embrace JavaScript's types
and adopt the coding style
which goes with that grain,
that makes those things obvious.
You are going to have
better code as a result.
By thinking about those things,
you are going to structure your code
better, that's almost undebatable.
But if you think about your code better
and you think about your types and
you design things so that you understand
what they're doing, you'll end up
designing better code, and that code will
be more robust, it'll have fewer bugs.
And that's if you do nothing
with the double equals,
just think about your types, right?
You don't even have to use the double
equals to get that benefit.
So if you hear nothing else about me,
at least from me on this unit,
at least hear that.
You should be striving for
that in your code.
I think you can optionally choose
to use other approaches, and
maybe Typl is one of several that could
begin to exist in the ecosystem that give
other options besides these extremes.
So hopefully that is gonna open some
different avenues of analysis, really
that's all I ask, is that you go back and
think about those things, test out
the assertions that I'm making, and
see if they make sense for
you and for your code.
But I'm quite confident that your
code quality will suffer if you
persist in the I don't need to know types,
right?
Triple equals is all I ever need.
I just don't think that's better code.
So, hopefully I've given you some food for
thought.
That is it for the types and
coercion unit of our course.